-Do we have water?
-Check the fridge.
ISSA DEE:
Is everybody okay, though?
I was so high.
I thought I got tased.
Beyoncé or bust, bitches!
(GIRLS CHEER)
ISSA: We came here to have
a good fucking time,
and celebrate Tiffany.
ISSA: Kelli, no!
-Beyoncé or--
-(TASER FIZZES)
-(KELLI'S BODY THUDS)
-KELLI: Remember me different.
-ISSA: What's wrong?
-I really pushed myself
to party with y'all.
We wanted one last hurrah
before the baby came.
Ay! You see this?
Hey! Issa.
Lawrence. Hey...
(SLURPEE STRAW GURGLES)
What have you been up to?
( music playing )
I feel like
we need more--
Support. For our
power users.
That's it.
( both moaning )
( moaning )
- Hey. Hey.
Give her the money.
- ( men whoop)
Man:
Boy, that's what
I'm talkin' 'bout!
Hey, hey, hey,
y'all get out.
Thank you.
But leave them spring rolls!
Goodbye.
Yeah.
I don't even know
how she found out.
I mean, she could at least
send a text or something.
That's just polite.
All my grandmothers were there.
But it's cool.
♪ Watch your step ♪
♪ 'Cause all this juice
is on the loose ♪
Chad: I'm good.
It's cool. I'm good.
( both grunting and moaning )
You should always
use protection.
♪ This juice on the loose ♪
Issa: ( echoing )
What have you been up to?
Nothin' much.
( music playing )
♪ Ooh, I'm not sorry ♪
♪ Stay sick
'cause I follow my gut ♪
Clerk: So, you want to throw
a block party with live music.
Yes! We'd use local vendors,
local artists, and all the acts
would be people of color, so...
Well, you'll need a form
for each act. How many?
Um, can I get, like, seven?
Actually, eight. You know,
'cause some of the acts are TBD.
But I am on my way
to D'in' 'em. ( laughs )
So you gonna go profit
or nonprofit?
It's a different form
for each.
It is? Uh, well,
let me get both.
( scoffs )
Just between us,
and I mean this
in the nicest way,
stop.
- What?
- Events like this,
in our community,
they never work.
Or they always end up
bein' janky.
Nah, well, that's
why I'm doing it, you know?
'Cause we shouldn't have
to leave our neighborhood
to have something nice.
( speaking Spanish )
( sighs )
I don't know
what you just said,
but you know who does? God.
So were you thinking
sometime next year?
Actually, I was thinking,
like, in a month or two?
That's not gonna be
enough time.
No, you're gonna need
alcohol, food permits.
Then there's insurance,
security, and alcohol.
I say it twice,
'cause people are gonna
wanna drink.
Can I just fill these out
right here?
No.
Next!
( elevator dings )
Thanks.
This is a lot. Maybe I bit off
more than I can chew.
It's a good idea, Iss.
It's just a couple of forms.
Or a-- uh, it's
a lot of forms.
( laughs )
Yeah, I don't think
I can do this by myself.
You know, I just wanted
to do something
for my neighborhood,
and it's...
Just take it one step
at a time, all right?
Oh, by the way, um,
can you remind your girl
that Andrew still has
her jacket?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure
she forgot.
She stays cold.
She got low iron.
Her mama do, too.
It runs in the family.
You got this, Iss.
( music playing )
♪ This one's for you ♪
- If you say so.
- ( Nathan laughs )
♪ I think I made it ♪
♪ I think I made it
'cause I'm always smiling ♪
♪ And you are
the reason, now, girl ♪
♪ I can't explain it ♪
- ( phone buzzes )
- ♪ It's all in the timing ♪
♪ I had to get low
I had to get low ♪
♪ I had to get back ♪
♪ I had to report
I had to get facts ♪
♪ 'Cause you're just that
You that ♪
♪ You share your truths
with me ♪
♪ And I find them true
A muse ♪
♪ You in the booth with me ♪
- ♪ La la la la la ♪
- ( text "sent" sound )
Oh, hey! Thank you so much,
Karen, for doing that.
I'd have gone myself, but...
I just...
tryin' to maximize my time.
No problem!
I love baby showers.
- Mm.
- My boyfriend and I
were talking about
what our  baby might look like.
He's albino, so there's
a wide range of outcomes.
Mm-hmm. Karen.
Can you move my 2:00
to 2:15?
I want to squeeze in
some time with Taurean
so we can get ahead on this.
Mm-hmm.
Ain't nobody ask you
about your man.
So, I was thinking,
once next year comes around,
this street in front of
the Miracle Theater
might be nice.
You here?
Yeah, yeah, my bad.
Um... yeah, that looks cool.
Nah, I was just...
I was just thinkin', like...
how do you know
when it's real?
Oh, they got Yelp reviews.
And I been there, so...
No. ( chuckles )
I'm talkin' about, like...
Oh.
I mean... it feels
pretty real to me.
Yeah, it does.
I really like you.
- ( Issa laughs )
- What?
I just didn't know
we were allowed
to say that shit.
And... I really like
you, too.
I don't always like people.
Me, neither.
People are trash.
- Bleh.
- ( laughs )
( groans and sighs )
( whispers )
Yeah. Just do it, just do it.
Hey! It's been a while.
Yeah, it's me. Lawrence.
From-- from the yacht.
Chlamydia. No.
Yeah.
Chlamydia.
- Sorry to call you like this.
Sorry to...
call you...
like this.
Hey, you know, uh,
sorry to call you like this,
but, um...
I'm so sorry.
I, uh, I just...
wanted to let you know that...
( sighs )
...you should get checked.
Woman:
Why? We didn't sleep together.
- We didn't?
- Wow. You can't even
keep track
of who you been fuckin'?
- The. Worst.
- ( stammers )
( phone clicks and beeps )
Hello--? ( sighs )
Aah!
Hey.
Mr. Robinson.
Can you please try harder
to clean up after your dog?
I don't have no dog.
( dog barking )
( sighs )
( phone buzzing )
( buzzing )
Woman:
Hi, Sharon from Lyft here.
There's an open investigation
involving an assault
in your vehicle.
We'd like to get
a statement from you.
Please call us back.
( click )
Molly: Hey.
I could've come up to you.
Oh, no, it's fine.
Uh, thanks for this.
Sorry it took me so long
to get back to you.
All good.
I wasn't gonna sell it
till at least Tuesday, so...
( laughs )
Thanks for holding off.
- Well, I gotta run.
- So, how you been?
Uh... good. Yeah. Yeah.
Thanks again for coming
all the way down here.
Hey, you, uh...
you ever been
to Preux and Proper?
Uh, no. Not yet.
I'm taking you there.
Let's go tomorrow.
I have a lot  goin' on
at work right now.
So... can I
get back to you?
Yeah. Get back to me.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
( music playing )
♪ Hit me ♪
♪ I hear that you get
them girls on your phone ♪
♪ Say leave me alone ♪
♪ They be checkin'
on my Twitter ♪
♪ Think they know me,
they don't, everything... ♪
Girl, I'm not goin' out
with that nigga.
Girl, what's the problem?
Andrew's cute!
And he must really like you,
'cause I would've thrown
that jacket away
and chalked it up to God.
Which one is Andrew?
Is he the black one
or the Asian one?
The Asian one.
Good, 'cause I been
fuckin' the black one.
A lot.
OK, well, why aren't you
excited about him?
Is it 'cause he's Asian?
'Cause no judgment!
But judgment.
Uh, I've dated
outside my race before,
but I know I want
to end up with a black man,
so what is the point?
The point is, you are single.
You are very  single.
- Issa: Tell her.
- Kelli: You are so single,
a tumbleweed just
rolled out your pussy.
OK, everybody calm down.
Listen, I don't have time
to catch him up on the culture,
teach him about
red beans and rice.
There are a lot of Jewish men
who only date Jewish women,
and nobody calls them out!
So, why can't I be
Orthodox Black?
'Cause that's not a religion.
Uh, speak for yourself.
That's my religion.
Kelli, shut up.
You don't even go to church.
I go on important days!
Like when I come back
from Miami.
The Lord knows I get turnt.
Molly, just try it out!
I don't care what you say.
I'm not going out with him.
- Thank you.
- Issa: Hm.
It's a shame to be
all closed-minded
and ignorant.
- Wow.
- Issa: I'm just sayin',
sometimes,
people can surprise you.
Like Nathan! He surprised
the shit out of me.
Is Nathan the black one?
Kelli, can you learn
a nigga's name for once?
You are not fuckin' my man.
Uh, excuse me? Your "man"?
- Ugh, did I say that?
- Yes.
- Out loud.
- My bad.
OK, I gue-- I guess I'm happy!
I don't know, he's the first guy
I've been into since Lawrence,
and in a real way,
not a Daniel way.
- Ooh!
- Oh, my God.
Issa, that's huge.
Black love.
Yeah, Nathan is pretty great.
And, he's like super supportive
of my projects, too.
What projects you doin'?
Should I tell y'all?
Yeah, I'll tell y'all!
So, I'm about to throw
a block party.
And I got a lot of work to do.
But I already know
where I want it to be,
and I got a business name!
"Musiqal, Inc." But "musical"
with a "Q,"
'cause we put together events
"quickly."
( both laughing, snorting )
- Molly: Wait, was you--?
- You were so confident
when you said it!
- Y'all laughing
out of support, or--?
- Molly: "Quickly."
"Quickly" change the name!
Oh, you're-- you're cute.
- Kelli: Oh...
- Molly: "With a 'Q'"!
- Molly: Oh, you mad?
- She mad!
What, hold up. You know
that's crooked, right?
Damn, it is.
Yeah, we should get
to the shower early tomorrow
to help Tiffany set up
and shit.
You right. Kelli,
you find anything good
in that Gladys Knight
cookbook yet?
What do y'all think of these?
Do these cupcakes say,
"Congratulations
on your light-skinned baby"?
Right? 'Cause it's all light.
Every layer is light.
But then there are little
chocolate bits,
to remind him,
you still a nigga.
- Makes sense.
- I can see it.
Fuck, nigga!
You made the calls?
You never make the calls.
"Survival of the fittest."
Charles Darwin.
Look that shit up.
Ohh!
It's just...
it's embarrassing, man.
I mean, I'm 32 years old.
Can't keep doin' this shit.
You know, it's gotta be...
more to my life
than just goin' to work
and fuckin'.
No, man, you're good.
And I'm good, too.
Got a California King
all to myself.
You know the bitch
never used to make the bed?
I had to.
I ignored the signs.
That's my fault.
You titty-fucked two strippers.
That's your fault.
Yeah, look, it's OK
if you hurt, man. I know how--
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
No, no, I'm good.
I'm doin' great.
I'm unbothered.
Happy. Everything
happens for a reason.
- ♪ The reasons
that we're here ♪
- Don't do that.
There's Derek.
What up, Derek?
Don't touch my food,
please.
You can't catch it
through fries, nigga.
That's what you say.
Hey, Daddy.
Nope. Not gonna say it
like that again.
What's up, though, man?
How you feelin'?
Countdown!
Yeah-ha,
you know what?
I feel good.
Life is a fuckin' champion,
and I'll be
a dope-ass father, man.
That's what's up.
I was gonna be
a dope-ass husband too,
but you know, Leah
was all over the place.
That's why I had to
cut her ass loose.
- Chad, she broke up with you.
- That's your perspective.
- You cheated on her.
- I apologized.
She can take a nigga back.
Lawrence.
Would you take Issa back?
Hell, naw.
( stammers )
You know what I'm sayin',
I'm not.... mad anymore.
I just...
I can't not see her
as a cheater.
Mm-hm. Tell it. Hmph.
Chad, didn't you do
the same thing Issa did?
Yeah, but she a ho.
She's not a ho.
She just did some ho shit.
You know your boy
got chlamydia?
Ha! What?
- Could you not--
- What?
- "Had." Had.
- Got.
It's part of
your story now.
- Doesn't matter.
- Check!
♪ Never trust a bitch,
never trust a bitch ♪
gossipin' and talkin' shit ♪
Issa:
Ooh, what if I did
a New Orleans theme?
You think the city
would just turn a blind eye
to people drinkin'
in the street?
No, girl. That's how
you get arrested.
Well, that's why I got you.
I got friends in high places
- that are lawyers.
- ( scoffs ) OK.
Oh, my God.
Girl, this is so Tiffany!
Is it me, or are there
a bunch of people here
we don't know?
Ahmal:
Where the Henny fountain at?
Oh. You know your
loud-ass brother.
- Hey.
- That's crooked.
And y'all late.
It hasn't even started yet.
Shut up.
Are these your friends,
Ahmal?
No.
Hey, so nice of you guys
to bring this.
I'm just gonna put it
over there.
- It's so beautiful.
- Thanks?
I'm Blair,
by the way.
Part of Tiff's "Crazy Crew."
That's what she's calling
all of us on
the planning committee.
- Crazy Crew?
- Planning committee?
I thought Tiffany
was planning this
on her own.
- Yay!
- Hey!
- You made it!
- Molly: Yeah!
We came here early to help out,
but are we late?
Oh, no. The Crazy Crew
just wanted to get here
early  early.
- It's no biggie.
- No, I came early because
I'm hopin' my baby will too!
( both cackling )
Well, we're here now.
How can we help?
I mean, Blair, you know,
she's got it all
under control.
She's great.
Oh, the best.
We love her.
Mm-hmm, so...
um-- Oh! Ashley!
You can help her
with the chairs.
If you want.
Mm-kay.
All these bitches.
Who Ashley?
Her sister.
This her house.
Oh. She should be here.
♪ Golden child.... ♪
So, if we want to hang with her,
we're gonna have to sign
a non-disclosure.
- Yo, heah.
- Hey hey!
- What up?
- What's good, boss?
Lawrence,
this is Condola.
- Kim, Nimani.
- How y'all doin'?
What's happenin'?
So, uh, coed baby shower,
bruh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Niggas are mad disgruntled.
It's all good.
Hey.
- This for the baby.
- Thank you.
And this one...
is just for you.
- Cigars?
- OG kush.
You a black king, bro.
Don't you ever
forget that.
I'm gonna leave you with that.
Issa's man.
- Lawrence: Wow.
- ( Condola laughs )
Serena, B., Cardi.
She really went for it.
Yeah, I guess you gotta
do it for the 'Gram, right?
- Who's is this tryin' to be?
- I don't know. I feel like
she's just trying
to establish herself
as an icon.
( both laugh )
I helped direct the Diddy
White Party last year,
and it was subtle
by comparison.
( giggles )
- What's up?
- Derek told me
you got kush.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Thank you.
What the fuck is that?
( line out ringing )
Recording:
The person you're calling
has a voicemail that
has not been set up yet.
Girl, the Crazy Crew
is driving me crazy.
( imitating singsong voice )
They all talk like this.
And it's annoying
as fuck.
- What's wrong with you?
- Nathan hasn't been picking up.
- He hasn't hit me back
in a minute.
- What's a minute?
Like a day and a half.
It's weird.
And he never hit me back
about that Lyft thing either.
You want me to try
calling him from my phone?
Oh, nah,
I'm gonna see him later.
- Yeah.
- OK.
Oh, my God. This is
just like high school.
I didn't have a phone
in high school. Or a man.
- Girl.
- ( line out ringing )
He don't have
his voicemail set up?
( laughs )
He a nigga.
Speaking of.
Tall nigga alert.
( chatter )
Molly: Damn!
Don't he ever
stay home?
And no Candice. Again.
- I should probably
go say hi to Lawrence.
- Girl, no!
'Cause then I gotta
go say hi to Dro.
- Go help Tiffany!
- What--
♪ It's somethin'
about you... ♪
Hey.
Hey, Issa.
♪ Wantin' to know you... ♪
Well, um-- um--
( awkward laughter )
It's good to see you. Again.
Yeah, you too.
Oh, I saw, uh, Frieda
in Target the other day.
She was havin' this whole
Sophie's Choice moment
over detergent?
I was gonna say hi,
but I don't know,
I just felt like it was
gonna be... a whole thing.
Yeah, it would've.
Especially 'cause I quit.
Really?
Wow.
That's--
Wh-- What made you do it?
Oh, I...
I just felt... inspired.
And it seemed like
it was the right time.
That's-- That's big.
It feels like it.
And, you know, I'm...
workin' on this new thing.
Yeah, it's like, I'm tryin'
to throw a block party.
For real?
I'm still figuring it out,
so... I'm workin' on it.
I kinda get
how challenging it is
to do something on your own.
So... you workin' on
a business plan?
( laughs )
If you need my help, I--
No, you right, I am, I am.
It's so much paperwork.
- I bet a lot of permits, too.
- I don't fuck with permits.
We gonna party
till they kick us out.
- Actually, I really need
those permits.
- Yeah.
Yo, so....
it's hard,
steppin' out on your own.
Yeah.
How are things with you?
Good. Yeah, you know,
just takin' things easy.
They're giving me
more to do at work.
My projects
are going great.
And, you know,
they still give me
those free
triple XL t-shirts.
( laughs )
Good one.
They go down to here.
Lawrence, it's--
You really have
your shit together.
I'm proud of you.
Yeah. Thanks.
You know, I'm--
I'm tryin'.
By the way, if you know anyone
that can help me
with this whole business shit,
I would really appreciate it.
- All right.
- Thank you.
Yeah.
You played this game yet?
No, not yet.
What is it?
- Are these diapers?
- I dunno--
Ohh!
Whoa!
( sniffs )
Is that chocolate?
You should try that.
- No!
- A little bit.
- I was about to say
you  try it.
- Oh, no, but I think
Tiffany would appreciate it
if you tried it.
- You're full of shit.
- No, you are about to be...
( Lawrence, Issa laughing )
...full of shit.
Go ahead.
Hey.
Are we talkin' now?
It's cool?
I mean, our boundaries
and all, right?
For real?
Is this how we gonna start?
I'm just sayin'.
You know what? Thank you
for the reminder that this shit
was a waste of time.
Yup.
( sighs )
♪ You don't like me,
say it to my face... ♪
Why don't we just
save those for later?
Molly:
Hey, Kelli.
So what you're saying is,
you're not gonna
put out my cupcakes?
Do you know how long it takes
to make a healthy version
of this butterscotch-
caramel-egg custard
chocolate shit?
Sorry, Kelli, the table
only has room for one
signature dessert.
So you're saying no
to Gladys Knight's cupcakes.
You better Midnight Train
these muthufuckas to the table.
- Kelli.
- Ahmal: Wow!
Is that the official cake?
Nobody else
should ever try.
- Issa told me
you can't read.
- OK.
Molly:
Hey, hey, hey, Kelli.
So you know,
we're here for Tiffany...
We're all going to gather
in the next room for gifts.
Oh! Are these
backup cupcakes?
Yay!
- "Backup."
- No. Mm-mm. Kelli!
She don't know
what she sayin'.
Kelli, wait!
You can't leave,
it'll just make things worse!
You don't get it
because you have Issa,
OK?
Just let me go.
Tiffany won't even
notice I'm gone.
- That's not true, Kelli.
- It is  true. OK?
And I'm not tryin'
to be selfish,
but I'm losin' my best friend
to a goddamn baby.
- Why does that baby hate me?
- The baby does not hate you.
It do! That baby do!
What are y'all
doin' out here?
Why weren't we
on your planning committee?
Yeah, I mean,
we're closer to you
than Blair.
You could have at least
included us.
Hold up.
None of y'all even offered
to throw me a baby shower.
As a matter of fact,
Blair asked, and I held off,
hoping that one of you would,
and you didn't.
My life was all over the place.
I was crashin' at Daniel's,
I was broke, you know, I--
- And I was switchin' jobs.
- Tiffany: So?
I'm having my first child.
We're always
gon' have life shit.
Well, even if we asked,
it wasn't like you was
gonna let us plan it.
Of course not,
but I still would have
let us fake do it together.
OK, I agree, these bitches
whack as fuck.
But when I asked you,
you said you had it handled.
Blair asked to do it,
and, you know, she's a mother,
so I just thought
she'd be helpful.
So because I don't have a baby,
I couldn't do that for you?
You can...
But?
♪ Oh, nothin' ♪
♪ Don't last forever ♪
♪ So I wouldn't... ♪
Derek: Let me see that.
Is she talkin' to me?
( imitates baby noises )
Oh, hey, thank you.
You OK?
Mm-hm. Yeah.
This making you want kids?
( scoffs )
Girl, I...
I don't know.
I mean, Tiffany's
over here on first baby,
I'm not even on first date.
Well, you said
you didn't have time
to date right now
and you weren't checkin'
for Andrew, so...
Bitch, can you stop
quoting my quotes?
How was Lawrence?
You know what?
It was cool.
I think I'm finally...
over him?
Wow.
- Really?
- I mean, I love him
and I always will, but...
it's time to move on.
Well, cheers to that.
Nathan better know
how lucky he is.
Candice:
Hey, everybody!
Sorry I'm late.
Biiiiitch.
- Candice!
- Hi! How ya doin'!
- Oh, hey!
- Hey! Hi!
OK, so, did I miss everything?
God, I hope I missed everything.
( cackling )
No, no, you're just in time
for gifts.
Oh! Perfect.
Oh, you two are having
a little moment...
- Oh, no.
- I got a moment with Issa,
like, every day.
Looks like a moment.
Let me go say hey to Tiff.
( Issa, Molly laughing )
Oh, hey!
You good?
( sighs )
Hey. You leavin'?
Yeah, man, you know,
I'm about Baby Bingo'd out,
brah. Yeah.
I saw you and Iss talking.
Yeah, man, you know, uh,
I knew I was gonna
see her today,
but, uh, it just--
it felt different.
You know, she's different.
That's cool.
Tiffany: Daddy?
Mommy needs you!
Yeah.
It sound better
when she say it.
- Yeah.
- I'm tired. We're slavin'.
- Girl.
( sighs ) Y'all don't
have to do that.
Both:
We got it.
Where's Kelli?
Uh, I think I saw her leave
like 30 minutes ago.
Oh.
Uh, yeah. She said
she had to get up early
for work or somethin'.
- Um, yeah.
- Molly: Mm-hm.
Yeah. She did say that earlier.
About work.
Mm-hmm.
And you know
Kelli does not play
about her money.
She be like, (gruff voice):
"Bitch, where's my money?!"
In that voice?
That's how she sounds to me.
- Mm-hm.
- Yeah.
And Tiffany, I just
have to say that this was
a lovely shower.
- So great.
- You are gonna make
a phenomenal mom.
- Really?
- Mm-hm.
Thank you, girl.
Speaking of babies,
Molly, why didn't you tell me
Candice and Dro
are having a baby?
- What?
- You ain't know?
Oops.
Not my news to share.
But oops, she did tell me
at my baby shower,
so who's stealin' whose thunder?
Huh!
Wha--
I'm sorry, girl.
That nigga is--
( phone buzzing )
I'm sorry,
I gotta take this.
- Hello?
- Woman: Hi. Ms. Dee?
- Yes.
- We thought
you'd like to know
that we've closed
the investigation.
We spoke to Nathan Campbell,
and he gave us a statement.
Uh, you spoke to him?
T-Today?
- Yes.
- Uh, OK.
That's great.
Thank you.
♪ These familiar artifacts
will never feel brand new ♪
♪ To tell you the truth ♪
♪ I think I always knew ♪
♪ They tell you
life is but a dream ♪
♪ But they wanna
sell you down the stream ♪
♪ You won't get ahold of me ♪
♪ So! ♪
♪ You better run ♪
♪ Better leave this place ♪
♪ Get lost and go
a different way ♪
♪ Go left, go left ♪
♪ Go left,
go, go, hey ♪
♪ Head for the sun,
you're so outer space ♪
♪ When the man's
getting on your case ♪
♪ Go left, go left ♪
♪ Go left,
go, go, hey ♪
♪ Yeah, I said
fuck the papers ♪
♪ I said fuck the news ♪
♪ It makes me feel frustrated ♪
♪ When they take me
for a fool ♪
♪ Alarm bells ringin' out ♪
♪ But you'd rather
press snooze ♪
♪ What do you think? ♪
♪ Yeah, I think
I always knew ♪
♪ They tell you
life is but a dream ♪
♪ But they wanna
sell you down the stream ♪
♪ You won't get ahold of me,
so ♪
♪ You better run,
better leave this place ♪
♪ Get lost
and go a different way ♪
♪ Go left, go left ♪
♪ Go left,
go, go, hey ♪
♪ Head for the sun,
you're so outer space ♪
♪ When the man's
gettin' on your case ♪
♪ Go left, go left ♪
♪ Go left, go, go, hey ♪
♪ You better run away ♪
ISSA DEE: Really, Nathan?
A whole ass week?
You can't text nobody back?
-(PHONE BUZZES)
-Nathan?!
Don't be pressed,
don't be pressed.
You're not pressed.
Boy, I'm from Florence
and Crenshaw. Don't play me.
How can I play somebody
who orders crawfish tail
and collard greens
like this isn't a date.
-Oh, this a date?
-Mm-hmm.
Maybe, I'm too sober to notice.
MOLLY CARTER: You out here
looking crazy in pajamas.
-You got me looking thirsty.
-(MOLLY LAUGHS)
-Andrew, hey!
-Hey...
♪ (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS) ♪